##Tools
Torch
Caffe
Theano - lower level, sophisticated, pylean and lasagne are good tools that build on top of this
Graphlab-Create (Data, Inc)
Under Aactive develppment:
- Neon (Nervana Systems)
-DeepLearning4J runing on Apache Spark (possbily will plug in to pyspark)

##Network Topologies
Applications and examples
Conolutional Neural Networks - concolutional layer
MNIST and LeNet since the 80s, handwiritng recogition
ImageNet and AlexNet
- Computer vision

##Convolution
A two dimensional version of reduce

abstracting the features as you go up the neural network
Image of AlexNet
Think of the reverse of the abstraction "shortcut" in InsideOut
Classifies pictures

##Deep Dream in Seattle
Importing code from Caffe and loading it in with the code from google for Deep Dream live demo

##Recurrent Neural Network
Good at elarning sequences of words/characters/anything
"Plain valinlla" RNNs
Long Short Tem Memory Netowrk
Different relationships between layers
one to one 
one to many
many to one
many to many
many to many

##Word2Vec: Neural network for finding high dimensional representation per word
Skip-gram model, froma  word - predict nearby words in sentence
Take a sentence, map the words to the schema

##Ulysses on Fire with Torch
Teaching a copmuter to write like James Joyce. Trained on Ullyses, ran through three times and you get some language that looks right. It learned puncutation, perpositional phrases, a little bit of formatting. 

Recursive Neiral Tnsor Networds
Captures natual languege's recursive nature and ... 
DeepLearningInNaturalLanguageProcessing.html on nlp.standord.edu/projects/
Parsing natural Scene Images similar to parsing natural langauge senentences

##Deep Unsupervised Leanring
this is what I want to do!

QuocNet
Images of what a computer thinks a face and a cat looks like

Transfer Learning
Old idea from Donahue and others
Trained the computer, then cut off the labelled picutres and then looked at awhat the computer dows.

Image Similarity Service
Take a pre-trained neural net and propagate images.

#Deep Reinforcement Learning
Trained the computer how to play a game with reinforcing. They were as good as human game testers.

Visualization
##Caffe has great vsualizaiton tolls for cisualizaing what happens to an image when you're going through a dep neural net
There are notebooks that show you step by step whatn it's doing


Pitfalls
We've still got a lot of learning to do
Major pitfalls in deep learning
Models are hard to interpret. We can find ways to fool them to understand what they're doing.
That both shows you what the model s doing and make sthe computer much smarter and the models much better and stronger

